Helm: Default to sending metamonitoring inside Mimir (#3176)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/monitor-grafana-mimir/collecting-metrics-and-logs.md

            app.kubernetes.io/name: kube-state-metrics
```

> #### Send metrics back into Mimir/GEM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Send metrics back into Mimir or GEM
```

You can also send the collected metamonitoring metrics to the installation of Mimir or GEM.

When you leave the `metamonitoring.grafanaAgent.metrics.remote.url` field empty,
then the chart automatically fills in the address of the GEM gateway Service
or the Mimir NGINX Service.

If you have deployed Mimir, and `metamonitoring.grafanaAgent.metrics.remote.url` is not set,
then the metamonitoring metrics are be sent to the Mimir cluster.
You can query these metrics using the HTTP header X-Scope-OrgID: metamonitoring

> If you have deployed GEM, then there are two cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have deployed GEM, then there are two contexts:
```

Reviewer: I am not sure cases or contexts is the best option wrt veriage. Still thinking...

Reviewer: "... two alternatives:" ?

Author: alternatives sounds good

- If are using the `trust` authentication type (`mimir.structuredConfig.auth.type: trust`),
  then the same instructions apply as for Mimir.

- If you are using the enterprise authentication type (`mimir.structuredConfig.auth.type: enterprise`), which is 
  also the default,then you also need to provide a Secret with the authentication token for the tenant.

>   The token should be to an access policy with metrics:read scope.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The token should be to an access policy with metrics:write scope.
```

>   token for the tenant.The token should be to an access policy with metrics:write scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  token for the tenant.The token should be to an access policy with `metrics:write` scope.
```

You can also send the collected metamonitoring metrics to the installation of Mimir or GEM.
The configuration varies slightly for GEM and Mimir.

If you have deployed Mimir, and the URL is not set, then metrics will be sent to the Mimir cluster.

> You can query these metrics using the `__metamonitoring__` tenant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can query these metrics using the `metamonitoring` tenant.
```

> If you have deployed GEM, then you need to configure the remote endpoint. The URL should point to

Reviewer 2: The calculation works for GEM as well, so GATEWAY_URL need not be replaced, just leave it empty, right?

Author: won't work with GEM auth. I can also use the config and see if `auth.type == enterprise`, but that was too complex to explain, so I figured it's a complicated behaviour and decided not to do it

Reviewer 2: I think you have to say something about authentication and access policies/tokens in any case. So I'd rather not make the user copy the URL if we can calculate it easily.

Author: i say something about them. but my point is that now i need to explain that if they set auth.type:enterprise anywhere in their values files or they are using the defaults from the chart, theeen they need to setup some access policy. 

this is too long to explain and the more complex it is the more people will find it confusing

i will push a commit for you to see

Reviewer 2: I think saying something about access policies is independent of whether we default the URL or not.
As soon as we start to document sending metrics back to Mimir/GEM, it comes up.

The only way to not talk about this is to auto-provision some policy in case auth is enterprise.

the GEM gateway Service. If you are using the GEM authentication model, then you also need to
provide a Secret with the authentication token for the tenant.

> For setting up the Secret, refer to [Credentials](#credentials).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the Secret, refer to [Credentials](#credentials).
```

Assuming you are using the GEM authentication model, the Helm chart values should look like the following example.
Replace `GATEWAY_URL` with the in-cluster address of the GEM gateway Service; that service is also displayed after

> `helm install` and `helm upgrade` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you run the `helm install` and `helm upgrade` commands.
```

> Replace `GATEWAY_URL` with the in-cluster address of the GEM gateway Service; that service is also displayed after
> `helm install` and `helm upgrade` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `GATEWAY_URL` with the in-cluster address of the GEM gateway Service; the
`helm install` and `helm upgrade` commands output that address.
```
